gh-113703: Correctly identify incomplete f-strings in the codeop module (#113709)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-01-04-17-15-30.gh-issue-113703.Zsk0pY.rst

> Fix a regression in the :mod:`codeop` module that was causing to correctly

Reviewer: Shouldn't that be **in**correctly?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fix a regression in the :mod:`codeop` module that was causing it to incorrectly
```
